Update _index.md (#8637)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/send_traces/_index.md

  text: "ECS Fargate APM setup"
---

Configuring your application to send [traces][1] to Datadog involves two main steps: Configuring the Datadog Agent and [Instrumenting your application][14]. 

> Depending on your environment, there are different ways to configure the Datadog Agent. Instructions are provided here for [installing the Datadog Agent locally](#datadog-agent), [on containers](#containers), and [several other ways](#additional-environments).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on your environment, there are different ways to configure the Datadog Agent. See the instructions for installing the Datadog Agent [locally](#datadog-agent), [on containers](#containers), and [several other ways](#additional-environments).
```

Reviewer: Also, this kinda just skips over serverless. Want to list it here too?

Author: Yeah Serverless we have the separate page for serverless that we'd want to direct people to if they are here.  What's a natural way to do that?

## Next steps

> Next, [Instrument your application][14]. For the full overview of all of features and configurations of APM, see the [APM overview][2].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, [instrument your application][14]. For the full overview of all of features and configurations of APM, see the [APM overview][2].
```
